0.4.1 (#26)
ocwg/spec: spec/v0.4.1-draft/spec.md

    - [Advanced Examples](#advanced-examples)
  - [OCWG URL Structure (Planned)](#ocwg-url-structure-planned)
  - [Changes](#changes)

>     - [From v0.3 to v0.4.1](#from-v03-to-v041)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [From v0.4 to v0.4.1](#from-v04-to-v041)
    - [From v0.3 to v0.4](#from-v03-to-v04)
```

- **resource**: A reference to a resource, which can be an image, video, or audio file. See [resources](#resources).

  - Resource can be empty, in which case a node is acting as a transform for other nodes.

>     z-ordering: The resource is to be rendered behind the foreground rectangle (or [oval](#oval)).

Author: ```suggestion
  - z-ordering: The resource is to be rendered behind the node. For example, if the node has a rectangular border (or [oval](#oval)), that border would be rendered in front of the resource.
```
